Policy on Responsible Use and Violations:

At Gikijo, we take policy violations seriously and have established the following guidelines to ensure that our users are using our platform in a responsible and respectful manner. Violations of our policies may result in account suspension or termination, as well as other legal action as necessary.

Job Slot and postings: All job slot and postings must be legitimate and not misleading in any way. This includes providing accurate necessary information related to the job.

Discrimination: Discrimination of any kind will not be tolerated on Gikijo. All job postings must comply with local and national anti-discrimination laws.

Spamming: Gikijo is a platform for legitimate job postings, and as such, spamming is not allowed. Job postings must be relevant to the jobseekers.

Inappropriate Content: Gikijo is a professional platform and all job postings must be free from any inappropriate content including profanity, sexual content, or any content that is discriminatory or offensive.

Fraudulent Activities: Any attempt to manipulate or deceive our system, or to engage in any fraudulent activity on Gikijo, will result in account suspension or termination.

Multiple Accounts: Each user is allowed to have only one account on Gikijo. Creating multiple accounts is strictly prohibited.

Fake Job Application URL: Providing fake job application URL in job postings is strictly prohibited. All application links must lead to the legitimate application process for the relevant job.

Consequences:

In the event of a policy violation, Gikijo may take any of the following actions:

- Remove the violating job posting or other content from the platform

- Temporarily or permanently suspend or terminate the user's account

- Block the associated job slot from further use on Gikijo channels.

Updates:

Please note that this policy may be updated or changed at any time at our discretion. We encourage you to review this policy periodically to stay informed of any changes. By continuing to use our services, you agree to be bound by the most current version of this policy.

We encourage our users to report any violations of our policies. If you have any questions or concerns about our policies, please submit it through the 'Feedback' section in your account settings.

